Update yugabyted public documentation for xCluster changes in 2025.1 (#27760)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yugabyted.md

    [--automatic_mode]
```

The `create_checkpoint` command takes a snapshot of the database and
determines whether any of the databases to be replicated need to be
copied to the target (this is called bootstrapping the databases).

If bootstrapping is required then the `create_checkpoint` command
outputs directions for bootstrapping the databases that that need

> bootstrapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be bootstrapped.
```

Author: done

--replication_id *xcluster-replication-id*
: A string to uniquely identify the replication.

--automatic_mode  {{<tags/feature/ea idea="2176">}}

> : Enable automatic mode for the xCluster replication. For more information refer to [Automatic mode](../../../deploy/multi-dc/async-replication/async-transactional-setup-automatic/). If this flag is omitted then semi-automatic mode will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Enable automatic mode for the xCluster replication. For more information refer to [Automatic mode](../../../deploy/multi-dc/async-replication/async-transactional-setup-automatic/). If you omit this flag, then semi-automatic mode is used.
```

Author: done

    --databases <comma_separated_database_names>
```

The `add_to_checkpoint` command takes a snapshot of the database and determines whether any of the databases to be added to the replication need to be copied to the target.

If bootstrapping is required then the `add_to_checkpoint` command
outputs directions for bootstrapping the databases that need

> bootstrapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be bootstrapped.
```

Author: done

Reviewer 2: agree with dwight that this should be bootstrapped instead of bootstrapping at the end. 

Although perhaps to reduce the number of bootstraps in the sentence we could just say 
"If bootstrapping is required, then the `add_to_checkpoint` command outputs directions for relevant databases."

Author: opps.  I failed to make Dwight's change correctly.  Fixing

Author: actually going to take part of your suggestion:

```
If bootstrapping is required then the `add_to_checkpoint` command
outputs directions for bootstrapping the relevant databases.
```

    --target_address <ip_of_any_target_cluster_node>
```

{{< warning title="Warning" >}}

> If you are using automatic mode and your workload is running while you perform this command, the involved target universe databases may be left in an unusable state.  See [Remove a database from a replication group](../../../deploy/multi-dc/async-replication/async-transactional-setup-automatic/#remove-a-database-from-a-replication-group).

Author: as I said in the summary, that's a different diff.

  The following link might work: https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/pull/27772/files#diff-c8d4e56b668ee21ae5cf82baddee40b51d0f89bd1b934885a1810ae53afde31a

just in case the relevant text there is:
```
{{< warning title="Warning" >}}

If you want the databases being removed from replication on the target
to be fully usable after dropping replication, you need to stop your
workload (including performing DDLs) to them and wait for the
replication lag to reach zero before dropping the replication group.

If you stop only running DDLs but not the rest of your workload and wait
for the DDLs to drain then the target databases will be usable but each
tablet may be stale by a different amount.  This contrasts with the
stopping and waiting fully case where all the tables will be up-to-date.

Finally, if you take no precautions then the target databases may
contain unreadable rows; we recommend dropping such databases rather
than attempting to use them.

{{< /warning >}}
```

> If you are using automatic mode and your workload is running while you perform this command, the involved target universe databases may be left in an unusable state.  See [Remove a database from a replication group](../../../deploy/multi-dc/async-replication/async-transactional-setup-automatic/#remove-a-database-from-a-replication-group).

Author: yes, good catch! fixing

### Create and manage read replica clusters

> To create a read replica cluster, you first create a YugabyteDB universe; this example assumes a 3-node universe is deployed. Refer to [Create a local multi-node universe](#create-a-local-multi-node-universe).   Creating a universe automatically creates its primary cluster, which consists of all non-read replica nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a read replica cluster, you first create a YugabyteDB universe; this example assumes a 3-node universe is deployed. Refer to [Create a local multi-node universe](#create-a-local-multi-node-universe). Creating a universe automatically creates its primary cluster, which consists of all non-read replica nodes.
```

Reviewer 2: The added sentence isn't that clear imo, could say smth more along the lines of "This initial group of non-read replica nodes is the primary cluster"

Author: revised to be hopefully clear; let me know
